Command Fail not catching anomalies (#15366)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/07-vernac-commands-and-options/15366-master+Fail-not-catching-anomaly.rst

- **Changed:**

>   :cmd:`Fail` caught anomalies from Coq version 8.11; this has been
>        reverted to catching only proper user errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :cmd:`Fail` no longer catches anomalies such as stack overflow, which it has done since Coq version 8.11.
  Now it only catches user errors.
```

I suppose "proper user error" just means "not an anomaly".

(@Alizter's wording "A behavior present since Coq version 8.11." is a sentence fragment.)

Author: If ok for @Alizter, I would adopt @jfehrle's wording (but w/o "such as stack overflow"), that is:

:cmd:`Fail` no longer catches anomalies, which it has done since Coq version 8.11.
Now it only catches user errors.

(If anomaly is not clear enough, we may add "abnormal behavior"??)

Reviewer 2: Yep, Jim's suggestions is better.

>   :cmd:`Fail` caught anomalies from Coq version 8.11; this has been
>        reverted to catching only proper user errors
>   (`#15366 <https://github.com/coq/coq/pull/15366>`_,
>   by Hugo Herbelin).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :cmd:`Fail` no longer catches anomalies. A behavior present since
       Coq version 8.11. :cmd:`Fail` now only catches user errors
  (`#15366 <https://github.com/coq/coq/pull/15366>`_,
  by Hugo Herbelin).
```

Author: Wouldn't you prefer parentheses, as in:
 :cmd:`Fail` no longer catches anomalies (a behavior present since
       Coq version 8.11). :cmd:`Fail` now only catches user errors
  (`#15366 <https://github.com/coq/coq/pull/15366>`_,
  by Hugo Herbelin).
